feat(ci): Added Jenkinsfile (#5)
VibrentHealth/keycloak-operator: README.md

# Keycloak Operator
A Kubernetes Operator based on the Operator SDK for creating and syncing resources in Keycloak.

## Vibrent Specific Documentation
The Vibrent documentation for the keycloak operator can be found at the following conflunece page: [Keycloak Operator](https://agile.vignetcorp.com:8086/confluence/display/AC/Keycloak+Operator).

### Custom Updates
Vibrent forked the Keycloak Operator to make the following custom changes:

* Support for custom attributes on Realms 
* Realm update functionality
* Managing Realms on Unmanaged Keycloak instances
* Creation of a Helm Chart

### Updating Custom Resource Definitions (CRD)
Currently the CRDs in the Helm Chart are exact copies of the CRDs found in the /deploy/crds directory. Therefore, when updating a CRD you must replace the appropriate CRD found in /charts/keycloak-operator/crds with the updated CRD to ensure the Helm Chart contains the most current updates when deployed.

### GitHub Actions

> The following three GitHub workflows will run on a PR to Master or a build on Master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github actions are the primary CI mechanisms used to build and test the keycloak-operator and associated helm charts. However, Github is not capable of publishing to our internal docker and helm repositories, so we also have a Jenkinsfile to handle that. See below.

The following three GitHub workflows will run on a PR to Master or a build on Master
```

Author: Made the change

1. ci.yml - ensures the tests pass by executing the following makefile commands: test/unit, test/e2e, and test/e2e-local-image
2. go.yml - ensures the code compiles by executing the following makefile command: code/compile
3. lint.yml - inspects the code by executing the following makefile commands: setup/linter and code/lint

### Jenkins Pipeline

> The pipeline will lint the Helm Chart anytime it is ran, but will only publish the chart and docker image during a master branch build. Both the chart and docker image will be published to the vibrent-ops project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins pipeline is only responsible for publishing the docker container(s) and helm chart for the keycloak operator into our internal docker registry and help chart repository after the github actions perform the other testing activities.

The Jenkins pipeline will lint the Helm Chart anytime it is triggered by a change, but will only publish the chart and docker image during a master branch build. Both the chart and docker image will be published to the vibrent-ops project.
```

Author: Made the change
